1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML tags can be anything, the tags themselves describe the meaning to both the browser and the developer.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It is the outline of a structure of a webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    They are written in the start tag, within the brackets. They identify the unique element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is a header and it makes the text larger. Best practices are that you use it once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <header>
    7. What is an id? 
    It is an attribute and it is used for CSS and Javascript to refer to a particular element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    unique ones
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    A class is similar to an id - an identifier but it can be used more than once
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any elements that you want to group together
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target = "_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    It describes the image and it is useful for text to speech readers that blind people use.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is semantic, div isn't. there may be many different sections within a div.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to style web pages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id must be used uniquely but a class can be used multiple times within a page
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class {
    }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human {
    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    It selects all elements that are the direct child of the specific element. It is useful if you need to sepcific an element in CSS.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div .sidebar {
    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    It specifies the state of the element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase, text-transform: lowercase, text-transform: capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
    border-color: black;
    border-size: 1px;
    border-style: dotted;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    . {
    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    *\
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm + filename
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    good for debugging
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    very often
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin + name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, cd, clone, branch, add, commit, push
    
    link to the Codepen:
    
    https://codepen.io/emmalouiseread/pen/mdrzqxX?editors=1100
